ASSIGNMENT 1

REGNO : 20214272
NAME : SHRESTH SONKAR
DATE : 15/01/2024
GRP : CS6D

Q1:
A1:
The following protocols are found in the network packet capture :
1. ARP : Address Resolution Protocol is a network protocol used to map IP address to physical MAC address which can be recognised by the local network. 
2. DHCP V6 : Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is a network protocol used to automatically assign IPv6 addresses and configuration parameters to devices on a network. 
3. HTTP : Hyper Text Transfer Protocol is an application layer protocol used for data communication over the world wide web. 
4. LLMNR : Link-Local Multicast Name Resolution is a protocol based on the Domain Name System (DNS) packet format that allows both IPv4 and IPv6 hosts to perform name resolution for hosts on the same local link.
5. MDNS : multicast DNS protocol resolves hostnames to IP addresses within small networks that do not include a local name server. It is a zero-configuration service, using essentially the same programming interfaces, packet formats and operating semantics as unicast Domain Name System (DNS).
6. NBNS : NetBIOS over TCP/IP (NBT, or sometimes NetBT) is a networking protocol that allows legacy computer applications relying on the NetBIOS API to be used on modern TCP/IP networks.
7. SSDP : Simple Service Discovery Protocol is a network protocol based on the Internet protocol suite for advertisement and discovery of network services and presence information. It accomplishes this without assistance of server-based configuration mechanisms, such as Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP) or Domain Name System (DNS), and without special static configuration of a network host.
8. TCP : The Transmission Control Protocol is one of the main protocols of the Internet protocol suite. It originated in the initial network implementation in which it complemented the Internet Protocol (IP). Therefore, the entire suite is commonly referred to as TCP/IP.
9. TLS V1.2 : Transport Layer Security is a cryptographic protocol designed to provide communications security over a computer network. The protocol is widely used in applications such as email, instant messaging, and voice over IP, but its use in securing HTTPS remains the most publicly visible.
10.UDP : User Datagram Protocol is one of the core communication protocols of the Internet protocol suite used to send messages (transported as datagrams in packets) to other hosts on an Internet Protocol (IP) network. Within an IP network, UDP does not require prior communication to set up communication channels or data paths.

Q2:
A2:


Q3
A3 : 

IP of gaia.cs.umass.edu : 
IP of my computer : 